This repo cntains an assortment of useful tools for teaching 
programming. I use them to maintain this site:

http://www.ncssm.edu/~morrison/currentClasses/

They include:

calMaker0617.py:
    This makes an HTML calendar for a month and a year.  
    Two arguments are required:  A month and a year 
    Optional arguments:
        You can put a numerical argument for each day class DOES NOT meet.
            0: Monday
            2: Tuesday
            2: Wednesday
            3: Thursday
            4: Friday
    Example calMaker.py December 2017 4
        builds calendar with no class on Friday.
        The file's name is index.php
    Days on the calendar are designed to work with the output
    of generateMonth0617.py.

generateMonthi0617.py
    This makes daily directories each with an index file.  
    Arguments
        A month 
        A year
        space-separated list of dates on which class meets taht month.  
        Look at the calendar generated by calMaker0617.py to get the dates

You will need to modify the code to fit your server.  I cannot guarantee
my pages will be up forever, but you are free to link in my CSS.

        
htmlify.py
    This converts things like raw python interactive sessions into 
    approprite HTML that can be placed in a <pre> element.

makeThree.py
    Usage:  
        $ makeThree.py  foo
        $ ls
        foo.html foo.css foo.js (and your stuff)
        The three files are linked and ready to code in.

makeC.py 
    Usage:
        $ makeC.py foo
        $ ls
        foo.c (and your stuff)
        The file  you get is date stamped.  
        Change to code so you are the author.

html.py
    This is needed to make htmlify.py work.

CSS files:
    calendar.css (for calendar pages)
    tableLayout.css (for a three-section page, header, nav (on left) and main)
    pageContent.css (for general page settings)
    menus.css (for menus)    

Scripts:
    naviagation.php:  this lists and creates download links for files present
        in the directory, save for the index file.
    menus.php: this makes the menus in the headers of the pages work.
You are encouraged to modify this and make the colors and appearance your own. 
Have fun!
